Add guidelines for contributors (#7)
security-summer-school/meta: docs/contributing.md

# SSS Contributor Guideline

> 

Reviewer: Add a short intro: "These are recommendations when contributing to the SSS ... They consider contributions to both actual content (mostly Markdown) and source code (challenges and activities) done via Git. Please consider them when making contributions ...."

## First Steps

> Some good first steps and best pracices when using Git are explaind here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some good first steps and best practices when using Git are explained here:
```

- the Git Immersion tutorial: https://gitimmersion.com/
- the Atlassian tutorial: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/learn-git-with-bitbucket-cloud
- this blog post on the ROSEdu Techblog: https://techblog.rosedu.org/git-good-practices.html

## Content Writing Style

This section addresses the development of session content and other Markdown files.

Write each sentence on a new line.
This way, changing one sentence only affects one line in the source code. 

Use the **first person plural** when writing documentation and tutorials.
Use phrases like "we run the command / app", "we look at the source code", "we find the flag".

Use the second person for challenges and other individual activities.
Use phrases like "find the flag", "run this command", "download the tool".

## Issues

When opening an issue, please clearly state the problem.
Make sure it's reproducible.
Add images if required.
Also, if relevant, detail the environment you used (OS, software versions).
Ideally, if the issue is something you could fix, open a pull request with the fix.

## Discussions

> Use discussions for bringing up ideas on content, new chapters, new sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use GitHub discussions for bringing up ideas on content, new chapters, new sections.
```

Reviewer: "For in-depth discussions, please join the [SSS Discord community](https://discord.gg/qx3RmNEVkB)."

# SSS Contributor Guideline

These are recommendations when contributing to the SSS repositories.
They consider contributions to both actual content (mostly Markdown) and source code (challenges and activities) made via Git.
Make sure you follow them whenever you make a contribution.

## First Steps

Some good first steps and best practices when using Git are explained here:
- the Git Immersion tutorial: https://gitimmersion.com/
- the Atlassian tutorial: https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/learn-git-with-bitbucket-cloud
- this blog post on the ROSEdu Techblog: https://techblog.rosedu.org/git-good-practices.html

> 

Reviewer: Add a section on language. Say we use English: commit message, PR messages, actual content, code comments etc.
